This property is Absolute Barometric Pressure, and this property's code is absolutebarometricpressure.
This property is Absolute Humidity, and this property's code is absolutehumidity.
This property is Absorbance, and this property's code is absorbance.
This property is Acceleration, and this property's code is acceleration.
This property is Air Density, and this property's code is airdensity.
This property is Air Temperature, and this property's code is airtemperature.
This property is Altitude, and this property's code is altitude.
This property is Altitude Source, and this property's code is altitudesource.
This property is Amperage, and this property's code is amperage.
This property is Amplitude Beam 1, and this property's code is amplitudebeam1.
This property is Amplitude Beam 2, and this property's code is amplitudebeam2.
This property is Amplitude Beam 3, and this property's code is amplitudebeam3.
This property is Angular rate, and this property's code is angularrate.
This property is Aperture, and this property's code is aperture.
This property is AR Computation Time, and this property's code is arcomputationtime.
This property is Auto Exposure, and this property's code is autoexposure.
This property is Auto Focus State, and this property's code is autofocusstate.
This property is Barometric Trend, and this property's code is barometrictrend.
This property is Battery Capacity, and this property's code is batterycapacity.
This property is Battery Charge, and this property's code is batterycharge.
This property is Battery Position, and this property's code is batteryposition.
This property is Beam Position, and this property's code is beamposition.
This property is Bender Electrical Resistance, and this property's code is benderelectricalresistance.
This property is Biofouling Prevention, and this property's code is biofoulingprevention.
This property is Port Fault Code, and this property's code is board_fault_code.
This property is Board Fault Code, and this property's code is boardfaultcode.
This property is Bottom Lock, and this property's code is bottomlock.
This property is Brightness, and this property's code is brightness.
This property is Calibrated Phase Angle, and this property's code is calibratedphaseangle.
This property is Camera Light, and this property's code is cameralight.
This property is Camera Pan, and this property's code is camerapan.
This property is Camera Strobe, and this property's code is camerastrobe.
This property is Camera Tilt, and this property's code is cameratilt.
This property is CDOM, and this property's code is cdom.
This property is CDOM Fluorescence, and this property's code is cdomfluorescence.
This property is Chlorophyll, and this property's code is chlorophyll.
This property is Clock, and this property's code is clock.
This property is CO2 Concentration, and this property's code is co2concentration.
This property is CO2 Concentration Linearized, and this property's code is co2concentrationlinearized.
This property is CO2 Partial Pressure, and this property's code is co2partialpressure.
This property is Compensated Phase Angle, and this property's code is compensatedphaseangle.
This property is Conductivity, and this property's code is conductivity.
This property is Contrast, and this property's code is contrast.
This property is Correction Age, and this property's code is correctionage.
This property is Correlation, and this property's code is correlation.
This property is Crude Oil Fluorescence, and this property's code is crudeoilfluoroscence.
This property is Current Direction, and this property's code is currentdirection.
This property is Current Velocity, and this property's code is currentvelocity.
This property is Current Velocity Beam1-X-East, and this property's code is currentvelocitybeam1xeast.
This property is Current Velocity Beam2-Y-North, and this property's code is currentvelocitybeam2ynorth.
This property is Current Velocity Beam3-Z-Up, and this property's code is currentvelocitybeam3zup.
This property is Defog, and this property's code is defog.
This property is Defog Effect, and this property's code is defog_effect.
This property is Density, and this property's code is density.
This property is Depth, and this property's code is depth.
This property is Detection Ratio, and this property's code is detectionratio.
This property is Memory Size, and this property's code is devicememorysize.
This property is Memory Usage Bytes, and this property's code is devicememoryusage.
This property is Memory Usage Percent, and this property's code is devicememoryusagepercent.
This property is Dew Point, and this property's code is dewpoint.
This property is Differential Pressure Gauge, and this property's code is differentialpressuregauge.
This property is Differential Temperature, and this property's code is differentialtemperature.
This property is Displacement, and this property's code is displacement.
This property is Dissolved Gas Pressure, and this property's code is dissolvedgaspressure.
This property is Downward Atmospheric Long-Wave Radiation, and this property's code is downwardatmosphericlongwaveradiation.
This property is Easting, and this property's code is easting.
This property is Electrical Resistance, and this property's code is electricalresistance.
This property is Electric Charge, and this property's code is electriccharge.
This property is Engineering Count, and this property's code is engineeringcount.
This property is Engineering Count 1000s, and this property's code is engineeringcount1000s.
This property is Error Code, and this property's code is errorcode.
This property is Event Count, and this property's code is eventcount.
This property is Exposure Level, and this property's code is exposure_level.
This property is Exposure Mode, and this property's code is exposure_mode.
This property is Exposure Value, and this property's code is exposurevalue.
This property is Fault Flags, and this property's code is faultflag.
This property is File Count, and this property's code is filecount.
This property is Focus, and this property's code is focus.
This property is Forward Range, and this property's code is forwardrange.
This property is Frequency, and this property's code is frequency.
This property is Gas Saturation, and this property's code is gassaturation.
This property is Gas Stream Pressure, and this property's code is gasstreampressure.
This property is Gimbal Delay Time , and this property's code is gimbaldelay.
This property is GPS Interval Time of Week, and this property's code is gpsintervaltimeofweek.
This property is Gravitational Acceleration, and this property's code is gravitationalacceleration.
This property is Gravity, and this property's code is gravity.
This property is Gregorian Time, and this property's code is gregoriantime.
This property is Ground Fault, and this property's code is groundfault.
This property is Heave, and this property's code is heave.
This property is Ice Draft, and this property's code is icedraft.
This property is Ice Thickness, and this property's code is icethickness.
This property is Image Gain, and this property's code is image_gain.
This property is Instrument level, and this property's code is instrumentlevel.
This property is Internal Humidity, and this property's code is internalhumidity.
This property is Internal pH, and this property's code is internalph.
This property is Internal Pressure, and this property's code is internalpressure.
This property is Internal Temperature, and this property's code is internaltemperature.
This property is Internal Vacuum Pressure, and this property's code is internalvacuumpressure.
This property is IR Threshold, and this property's code is ir_threshold.
This property is Iron Concentration, and this property's code is ironconcentration.
This property is ISO, and this property's code is iso.
This property is Laser, and this property's code is laser.
This property is Laser Diode, and this property's code is laserdiode.
This property is Laser Pulsewidth, and this property's code is laserpulsewidth.
This property is Latitude, and this property's code is latitude.
This property is Length, and this property's code is length.
This property is Length Standard Deviation, and this property's code is lengthstddev.
This property is Lock Aperture, and this property's code is lock_aperture.
This property is Longitude, and this property's code is longitude.
This property is Magnetic Declination, and this property's code is magneticdeclination.
This property is Magnetic Heading, and this property's code is magneticheading.
This property is Magnetometer, and this property's code is magnetometer.
This property is Magnet Unitless Sensor, and this property's code is magnetunitlesssensor.
This property is Magnitude, and this property's code is magnitude.
This property is Mass Position, and this property's code is massposition.
This property is Maximum Gain, and this property's code is max_gain.
This property is Max Exposure Time, and this property's code is max_shutter.
This property is Maximum Wave Height, and this property's code is maximumwaveheight.
This property is Maximum Wave Period, and this property's code is maximumwaveperiod.
This property is Mean Wave Direction, and this property's code is meanwavedirection.
This property is Mean Wave Spread, and this property's code is meanwavespread.
This property is Methane Concentration, and this property's code is methaneconcentration.
This property is Methane Molar Concentration, and this property's code is methanemolarconcentration.
This property is Methane Partial Pressure, and this property's code is methanepartialpressure.
This property is Micro-g Acceleration, and this property's code is microgacceleration.
This property is Mixing Ratio, and this property's code is mixingratio.
This property is Modified Mercalli Intensity, and this property's code is modifiedmercalliintensity.
This property is Motor Power, and this property's code is motorpower.
This property is Motor Speed, and this property's code is motorspeed.
This property is Net Radiation, and this property's code is netradiation.
This property is Nitrate Concentration, and this property's code is nitrateconcentration.
This property is Northing, and this property's code is northing.
This property is On/Off Sensor, and this property's code is onoffsensor.
This property is Other, and this property's code is other.
This property is ORP, and this property's code is oxidationreductionpotential.
This property is Oxygen, and this property's code is oxygen.
This property is PADIWA , and this property's code is padiwa.
This property is PAR Photon-based, and this property's code is parphotonbased.
This property is Peak Ground Displacement, and this property's code is peakgrounddisplacement.
This property is Peak Period, and this property's code is peakperiod.
This property is Peak Position, and this property's code is peakposition.
This property is pH, and this property's code is ph.
This property is Pressure Inverted Echo Sounder, and this property's code is pies.
This property is Ping Time, and this property's code is pingtime.
This property is Pitch, and this property's code is pitch.
This property is Port State, and this property's code is portstate.
This property is Position Offset, and this property's code is positionoffset.
This property is Power, and this property's code is power.
This property is Pressure, and this property's code is pressure.
This property is Pump Flow, and this property's code is pumpflow.
This property is Rainfall Rate, and this property's code is rainfallrate.
This property is Redox, and this property's code is redox.
This property is Refined Fuel Fluorescence, and this property's code is refinedfuelfluorescene.
This property is Relative Barometric Pressure, and this property's code is relativebarometricpressure.
This property is Relative Humidity, and this property's code is relativehumidity.
This property is Resevoir Volume, and this property's code is resevoirvolume.
This property is Roll, and this property's code is roll.
This property is Runtime Sensor, and this property's code is runtimesensor.
This property is Salinity, and this property's code is salinity.
This property is Satellite Count, and this property's code is satellitecount.
This property is Saturation, and this property's code is saturation.
This property is Scientific Count, and this property's code is scientificcount.
This property is Seafloor depth below Sea Surface, and this property's code is seafloordepthbelowseasurface.
This property is Sea Ice Temperature, and this property's code is seaicetemperature.
This property is Sea Water Temperature, and this property's code is seawatertemperature.
This property is Sediment Surface Temperature, and this property's code is sedimentsurfacetemperature.
This property is Sediment Temperature, and this property's code is sedimenttemperature.
This property is Sharpness, and this property's code is sharpness.
This property is Ship Course, and this property's code is shipcourse.
This property is Shutter Speed, and this property's code is shutterspeed.
This property is Sigma-t, and this property's code is sigmat.
This property is Sigma-theta, and this property's code is sigmatheta.
This property is Significant Wave Height, and this property's code is significantwaveheight.
This property is Significant Wave Period, and this property's code is significantwaveperiod.
This property is Snow Thickness, and this property's code is snowthickness.
This property is Solar Radiation, and this property's code is solarradiation.
This property is Sound Pressure Level, and this property's code is soundpressurelevel.
This property is Sound Speed, and this property's code is soundspeed.
This property is Specific Enthalpy, and this property's code is specificenthalpy.
This property is Speed over Ground, and this property's code is speedoverground.
This property is SRSL Ice Balance Buoy Temperature, and this property's code is srslicebalancebuoytemperature.
This property is Status Code, and this property's code is statuscode.
This property is Tank Level, and this property's code is tanklevel.
This property is Target Persistence, and this property's code is targetpersistence.
This property is Tension, and this property's code is tension.
This property is Tilt, and this property's code is tilt.
This property is Time of flight, and this property's code is timeofflight.
This property is Timeout, and this property's code is timeout.
This property is Tone Mapping, and this property's code is tone_mapping.
This property is Torque, and this property's code is torque.
This property is Total Computation Time, and this property's code is totalcomputationtime.
This property is Total Pressure, and this property's code is totalpressure.
This property is Transmission, and this property's code is transmission.
This property is True Heading, and this property's code is trueheading.
This property is Turbidity FTU, and this property's code is turbidityftu.
This property is Turbidity NTU, and this property's code is turbidityntu.
This property is Upward Irradiance of Detector, and this property's code is upwardirradianceofdetector.
This property is UTM Zone, and this property's code is utmzone.
This property is UV Index, and this property's code is uvindex.
This property is Vector Direction, and this property's code is vectordirection.
This property is Velocity, and this property's code is velocity.
This property is Vent Fluid Temperature, and this property's code is ventfluidtemperature.
This property is Voltage, and this property's code is voltage.
This property is Wave Direction at Peak Period, and this property's code is wavedirectionatpeakperiod.
This property is Wet Bulb Temperature, and this property's code is wetbulbtemperature.
This property is Axis White Balance, and this property's code is white_balance.
This property is Z3 White Balance, and this property's code is white_balance_z3.
This property is White Balance, and this property's code is whitebalance.
This property is Wind Chill Temperature, and this property's code is windchilltemperature.
This property is Wind Direction, and this property's code is winddirection.
This property is Wind Direction Corrected by Compass, and this property's code is winddirectioncorrectedbycompass.
This property is Wind Direction Uncorrected by Compass, and this property's code is winddirectionuncorrectedbycompass.
This property is Wind Speed, and this property's code is windspeed.
This property is Wind Speed Maximum, and this property's code is windspeedmax.
This property is Yaw, and this property's code is yaw.
This property is Z3 Camera Auto Focus State, and this property's code is z3autofocusstate.
This property is Zoom, and this property's code is zoom.
This property is Zoom Step Size, and this property's code is zoom_step_size.
